go in this episode we will be talking
about doing kick panels and properly
bonding them to the the bass we've
already gone ahead made the bass in the
car and stuff and now we've made our two
rings we're going to do this that I'm
going to do it's kind of an
old-fashioned way of doing this where
I'm going to do a mount on top so
basically when you have it together the
speaker assembly is like this with using
the normal grill this would be the
standard method that you would use to
making a grill
I meant to making cake columns now what
I've done is I've gone ahead and I've
already made my rings made my cutouts to
the sides that need to be I've also put
a rabbit here which will be used to
guide our mold fabric on the surface
this is where we'll bomb to it and
reason we do that that I like to do this
is that it keeps this surface here flat
so that way when you go to put anything
on it they'll have a nice good flat
finished surface to it now the holes
that you see here are going to be used
for dowel rods we're going to take down
rods and we insert them in here and then
when we're mounting this in the angle
that we need to set this up and the kick
panel i'll be using casi no acrylics in
bonding these to the fiberglass frame
and it will hold this in place that way
we can pull the kick panel out and then
wrap whole mechanism using them our mold
fabric right now like I said we've
already gone I've also put a radius of a
rabbet a radius edge quarter inch on
this side the reason for that is is that
in this particular case we will have an
extreme pole which will actually cost to
pull around the corner and back down
slightly at this angle when you do this
I don't want a square edge on this the
leading edge here
kind of looks cheap would be the best
way to explain it
so but for right now we will take our
rings and we will go and do the mounts
inside the inside the car and I'll show
and we can see now that I'm setting up
our kit my tick panels here you can see
a dowel rod and I've gone ahead and let
it protrude through it's kind of hard to
see but of a dash down here at the
bottom it's really dark I'm sorry but
it's a roundish under here's the rabbit
that I'll use to do the piece now I'm
going to integrate this directly into
the side piece I've already scuffed this
up really heavy it's one of the major
things you got to do so you can bond
plastic to fiberglass is one of the note
of one of the most well known bitches to
installers is how to have to you bond
the two together of course I've got to
work on getting the damn thing that's it
right I want to play nice nice with me
right now now I'm going to do the the
angling is I'm using once again I'm
going to use my laser pointer it's very
straightforward you know to follow the
dot a and in this case I've already gone
and set up a position on my other side
of the window and the laser you know
points across and hits there now people
are asking on what is it about the kick
panel on the angle of the kick panel
it's important well I find that having
the angle of the kick panel tilted this
way it helps a little bit but as long as
the speaker's working within its band
range or powering excuse me
non-band range but with inspire range
you're on and off axis frequencies are
going to be very minimal unless you're
like sixty degrees off-axis
the really important thing is that you
want to get both of these aiming and
generally the same position from right
to left and in this case you know it's
an it's a position I've done for years
and years and years if down from the
year and goes forward and etc I'll
explain later on this but it is an old
old thing that I've done for very long
time and has worked for me very well as
you can see I've got the protruding
you know dial out this little this
allows me to tilt this thing forward
backwards and test it I'll put it where
I want to but for right now that that's
the way it's going to look I will show
you a little bit more in detail once my
son starts setting up the other side I
will show you more detail how this is
all done alright
we are preparing for resin right now
here you can see we've put coating
protective coating vinyl and stuff down
as my son here he starts to put on the
resin is going to work at the top side
first doing the harder part it's going
to soak this is a slight product mold
fabric until you have to go up there
it's top is going to soak this in as
best as you can while it's in place this
way it'll harden and we can pull the
kick panel count and then go ahead and
back them up with fiberglass on the
second run you'll do both in the inside
and the outside to maximize the amount
of penetration into
the into the mold fabric so that it will
harden as a solid object sometimes when
you don't put it off resin in there it
will turn into it'll be soft on the
inside
and hard on the outside and that's a bad
thing you don't want to have that as you
see is being a very vigorous with the
amount of resin he's using and also it
plugs into your line
come on here when you just got these all
rested up if you can see them nice and
slob slobbery with ton a ton of resin on
it I'm letting them dry right now I went
inside and did what your backing inside
internally fiberglass left the outside
alone that way I can it'll be easier to
go ahead and bondo over and stuff a
couple things you have to make sure of
is your connection points here so when
you wrap down with life in this case
I'll wrap it with vinyl I'm going to
make sure those connections are nice and
clean and it's almost dry
so it
you